Add docs - merge first ? (#9)
danforthcenter/plantcv-annotate: docs/index.md

# Welcome to the documentation for PlantCV-Annotate

## Overview

[PlantCV-annotate](https://github.com/danforthcenter/plantcv-annotate) is composed of modular functions in order to be applicable to a 
variety of plant types and imaging systems. In the following documentation we will describe use of each function and 
provide tutorials on how each function is used in the context of an overall image-processing workflow. Development of 
PlantCV is ongoing---we encourage input from the greater plant phenomics community. Please post questions and comments 
on the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/danforthcenter/plantcv-annotate/issues).

## Getting started

The documentation can be navigated using the sidebar table of contents. Documentation for individual PlantCV functions
are listed under the headings "PlantCV Namespace". For general information on installation,
updating, and other questions, see:

* [Installing PlantCV](installation.md)

## Contributing 

If you are interested in contributing to PlantCV, please see:

> * [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: This file does not exist

* [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Versions

The documentation defaults to the `stable` version of PlantCV which is the current release version available from
PyPI and Bioconda. Documentation for all releases from v1.1 on are also available via the standard Read the Docs 
popup/pulldown menu (bottom right corner). Select the `latest` version to get the most up-to-date documentation

> associated with the current code in GitHub.

Reviewer: This is from PlantCV and is out of date. There is no plantcv-annotate on PyPI or Bioconda and there is no stable version nor v1.1 or later

> [Return to the PlantCV homepage](http://plantcv.danforthcenter.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Return to the PlantCV homepage](https://plantcv.org)
```
